feat: middleware for several adapters (#13477)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/25-build-and-deploy/40-adapter-node.md

When using systemd socket activation, `IDLE_TIMEOUT` specifies the number of seconds after which the app is automatically put to sleep when receiving no requests. If not set, the app runs continuously. See [Socket activation](#Socket-activation) for more details.

## Middleware

> You can integrate Express or Polka middleware into your SvelteKit application built with the Node adapter by placing a `node-middleware.js` file at the root of your project. It must export a default function which receives the same arguments as [Polka middleware](https://github.com/lukeed/polka?tab=readme-ov-file#middleware). The middleware runs on all requests. Combined with using [server-side route resolution](configuration#router) you can make sure it runs prior to all navigations, no matter prerendered or not and no matter client- or server-side.

Author: I don't follow - if the extra things aren't present in your case, why use it then?
Also yes, you _could_ add a custom server but then you loose out on the deeper integration at dev/preview time (i.e. it actually running)

> You can integrate Express or Polka middleware into your SvelteKit application built with the Node adapter by placing a `node-middleware.js` file at the root of your project. It must export a default function which receives the same arguments as [Polka middleware](https://github.com/lukeed/polka?tab=readme-ov-file#middleware). The middleware runs on all requests. Combined with using [server-side route resolution](configuration#router) you can make sure it runs prior to all navigations, no matter prerendered or not and no matter client- or server-side.

Reviewer: Referring people to the Polka docs implies that `req` and `res` are guaranteed to be Polka Request/Response objects, which is untrue in the custom server case (and custom servers are totally valid, if less necessary in a world with middleware). It's also just more stuff that people need to learn, if they're familiar with `req` and `res` from Node built-ins or Express already.

I think it would be fine to mention that the default server uses Polka

> You can integrate Express or Polka middleware into your SvelteKit application built with the Node adapter by placing a `node-middleware.js` file in your `src` folder. It must export a default function which receives the same arguments as [Express middleware](https://expressjs.com/en/guide/using-middleware.html) (if you don't use a custom server, then you may also make use of additional [Polka-specific API](https://github.com/lukeed/polka?tab=readme-ov-file#middleware), since that's what the Node adapter uses by default). The middleware runs on all requests. Combined with using [server-side route resolution](configuration#router) you can make sure it runs prior to all navigations, no matter prerendered or not and no matter client- or server-side.

Reviewer: Actually on second thoughts maybe it makes sense to flesh out 'runs on all requests' since it isn't immediately clear that this applies to static assets as well as SSR'd and prerendered pages:

```suggestion
You can integrate Express or Polka middleware into your SvelteKit application built with the Node adapter by placing a `node-middleware.js` file in your `src` folder. It must export a default function which receives the same arguments as [Express middleware](https://expressjs.com/en/guide/using-middleware.html) (if you don't use a custom server, then you may also make use of additional [Polka-specific API](https://github.com/lukeed/polka?tab=readme-ov-file#middleware), since that's what the Node adapter uses by default). Unlike the [handle](/docs/kit/hooks#Server-hooks-handle) hook, middleware runs on all requests, including for static assets and prerendered pages. If using [server-side route resolution](configuration#router) this means it runs prior to all navigations.
```
